Add security threat submission beta api docs (#16242)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-tenantalloworblocklistaction.md

---
title: "tenantAllowOrBlockListAction resource type"
description: "Represents tenant allow or block list action"
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# tenantAllowOrBlockListAction resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents tenant allow or block list action. When admin creates email threat submission, tenant allow block list operation could be provided. When tenant allow block list operation is provided, the threat submission will auto add releated items (urls/attachments/senders) into tenant allow block list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents tenant allow or block list action. When admin creates email threat submission, tenant allow block list operation can also be provided. When tenant allow block list operation is provided, the threat submission will auto add related items (urls/attachments/senders) into tenant allow block list.
```

## Properties
| Property           | Type                                        | Description                                                                      |
|:-------------------|:--------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | The tenant allow block list action.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list is an allow or block. |
```

> | action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | The tenant allow block list action.                                              |

Author: ```suggestion
| action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list is an allow or block.  |
```

> | action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | The tenant allow block list action.                                              |

Author: ```suggestion
| action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list is an allow or block.                                             |
```

> | action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | The tenant allow block list action. The possible values are: `allow` and `block`.|

Author: ```suggestion
| action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list is an allow or block. The possible values are: `allow` and `block`.|
```

> | action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | Specifies whether the tenant allow block list is an allow or block. The possible values are: `allow` and `block`.|

Author: ```suggestion
| action             | tenantAllowBlockListAction                  | Specifies whether the tenant allow block list is an allow or block. The possible values are: `allow`, `block` and `unkownFutureValue`.|
```

> | expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                              | The tenant allow block list auto expiration date time.                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                              | It is used to specify when the Tenant allow block list expires in date time,  |
```

> | note               | String                                      | The tenant allow block list note string.                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| note               | String                                      | It specifies the note added to the tenant allow block list entry in the format of string. |
```

> | results            | Collection([security.tenantAllowBlockListEntryResult](../resources/security-tenantallowblocklistentryresult.md)) | The result which contains tenant allow block list items of the email submission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| results            | Collection([security.tenantAllowBlockListEntryResult](../resources/security-tenantallowblocklistentryresult.md)) | It contains the result of the submission which lead to this Tenant allow block list entry creation |
```
